6:17:001:1	The Land Given to West Manasseh
6:17:001:0	The next allotment of land was given to the half-tribe of Manasseh , the descendants of Joseph 's older son . Makir , the firstborn son of Manasseh , was the father of Gilead . Because his descendants were experienced soldiers , the regions of Gilead and Bashan on the east side of the Jordan had already been given to them .
6:17:002:0	So the allotment on the west side of the Jordan was for the remaining families within the clans of the tribe of Manasseh : Abiezer , Helek , Asriel , Shechem , Hepher , and Shemida . These clans represent the male descendants of Manasseh son of Joseph .
6:17:003:0	However , Zelophehad , a descendant of Hepher son of Gilead , son of Makir , son of Manasseh , had no sons . He had only daughters , whose names were Mahlah , Noah , Hoglah , Milcah , and Tirzah .
6:17:004:0	These women came to Eleazar the priest , Joshua son of Nun , and the Israelite leaders and said , “ The Lord commanded Moses to give us a grant of land along with the men of our tribe. ” So Joshua gave them a grant of land along with their uncles , as the Lord had commanded .
6:17:005:0	As a result , Manasseh 's total allocation came to ten parcels of land , in addition to the land of Gilead and Bashan across the Jordan River ,
6:17:006:0	because the female descendants of Manasseh received a grant of land along with the male descendants . ( The land of Gilead was given to the rest of the male descendants of Manasseh . )
6:17:007:0	The boundary of the tribe of Manasseh extended from the border of Asher to Micmethath , near Shechem . Then the boundary went south from Micmethath to the settlement near the spring of Tappuah .
6:17:008:0	The land surrounding Tappuah belonged to Manasseh , but the town of Tappuah itself , on the border of Manasseh 's territory , belonged to the tribe of Ephraim .
6:17:009:0	From the spring of Tappuah , the boundary of Manasseh followed the Kanah Ravine to the Mediterranean Sea . Several towns south of the ravine were inside Manasseh 's territory , but they actually belonged to the tribe of Ephraim .
6:17:010:0	In general , however , the land south of the ravine belonged to Ephraim , and the land north of the ravine belonged to Manasseh . Manasseh 's boundary ran along the northern side of the ravine and ended at the Mediterranean Sea . North of Manasseh was the territory of Asher , and to the east was the territory of Issachar .
6:17:011:0	The following towns within the territory of Issachar and Asher , however , were given to Manasseh : Beth-shan , Ibleam , Dor ( that is , Naphoth-dor ) , Endor , Taanach , and Megiddo , each with their surrounding settlements .
6:17:012:0	But the descendants of Manasseh were unable to occupy these towns because the Canaanites were determined to stay in that region .
6:17:013:0	Later , however , when the Israelites became strong enough , they forced the Canaanites to work as slaves . But they did not drive them out of the land .
6:17:014:0	The descendants of Joseph came to Joshua and asked , “ Why have you given us only one portion of land as our homeland when the Lord has blessed us with so many people ? ”
6:17:015:0	Joshua replied , “ If there are so many of you , and if the hill country of Ephraim is not large enough for you , clear out land for yourselves in the forest where the Perizzites and Rephaites live . ”
6:17:016:0	The descendants of Joseph responded , “ It 's true that the hill country is not large enough for us . But all the Canaanites in the lowlands have iron chariots , both those in Beth-shan and its surrounding settlements and those in the valley of Jezreel . They are too strong for us . ”
6:17:017:0	Then Joshua said to the tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh , the descendants of Joseph , “ Since you are so large and strong , you will be given more than one portion .
6:17:018:0	The forests of the hill country will be yours as well . Clear as much of the land as you wish , and take possession of its farthest corners . And you will drive out the Canaanites from the valleys , too , even though they are strong and have iron chariots . ”
