9:6:001:0	And the ark of the was in the country of the Philistines seven months .
9:6:002:0	And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners , saying , What shall we do to the ark of the ? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place .
9:6:003:0	And they said , If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel , send it not empty ; but in any wise return him a trespass offering : then ye shall be healed , and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you .
9:6:004:0	Then said they , What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? They answered , Five golden emerods , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the Philistines : for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
9:6:005:0	Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods , and images of your mice that mar the land ; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel : peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you , and from off your gods , and from off your land .
9:6:006:0	Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts , as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts ? when he had wrought wonderfully among them , did they not let the people go , and they departed ?
9:6:007:0	Now therefore make a new cart , and take two milch kine , on which there hath come no yoke , and tie the kine to the cart , and bring their calves home from them :
9:6:008:0	And take the ark of the , and lay it upon the cart ; and put the jewels of gold , which ye return him for a trespass offering , in a coffer by the side thereof ; and send it away , that it may go .
9:6:009:0	And see , if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Beth–shemesh , then he hath done us this great evil : but if not , then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us ; it was a chance that happened to us .
9:6:010:0	And the men did so ; and took two milch kine , and tied them to the cart , and shut up their calves at home :
9:6:011:0	And they laid the ark of the upon the cart , and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods .
9:6:012:0	And the kine took the straight way to the way of Beth–shemesh , and went along the highway , lowing as they went , and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Beth–shemesh .
9:6:013:0	And they of Beth–shemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley : and they lifted up their eyes , and saw the ark , and rejoiced to see it .
9:6:014:0	And the cart came into the field of Joshua , a Beth–shemite , and stood there , where there was a great stone : and they clave the wood of the cart , and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the .
9:6:015:0	And the Levites took down the ark of the , and the coffer that was with it , wherein the jewels of gold were , and put them on the great stone : and the men of Beth–shemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the .
9:6:016:0	And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it , they returned to Ekron the same day .
9:6:017:0	And these are the golden emerods which the Philistines returned for a trespass offering unto the ; for Ashdod one , for Gaza one , for Ashkelon one , for Gath one , for Ekron one ;
9:6:018:0	And the golden mice , according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords , both of fenced cities , and of country villages , even unto the great stone of Abel , whereon they set down the ark of the : which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua , the Beth–shemite .
9:6:019:0	And he smote the men of Beth–shemesh , because they had looked into the ark of the , even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men : and the people lamented , because the had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter .
9:6:020:0	And the men of Beth–shemesh said , Who is able to stand before this holy God ? and to whom shall he go up from us ?
9:6:021:0	And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjath–jearim , saying , The Philistines have brought again the ark of the ; come ye down , and fetch it up to you .
