6:5:001:0	And it came to pass , when all the kings of the Amorites , which were on the side of Jordan westward , and all the kings of the Canaanites , which were by the sea , heard that the had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel , until we were passed over , that their heart melted , neither was there spirit in them any more , because of the children of Israel .
6:5:002:0	At that time the said unto Joshua , Make thee sharp knives , and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time .
6:5:003:0	And Joshua made him sharp knives , and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins .
6:5:004:0	And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise : All the people that came out of Egypt , that were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came out of Egypt .
6:5:005:0	Now all the people that came out were circumcised : but all the people that were born in the wilderness by the way as they came forth out of Egypt , them they had not circumcised .
6:5:006:0	For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness , till all the people that were men of war , which came out of Egypt , were consumed , because they obeyed not the voice of the : unto whom the sware that he would not shew them the land , which the sware unto their fathers that he would give us , a land that floweth with milk and honey .
6:5:007:0	And their children , whom he raised up in their stead , them Joshua circumcised : for they were uncircumcised , because they had not circumcised them by the way .
6:5:008:0	And it came to pass , when they had done circumcising all the people , that they abode in their places in the camp , till they were whole .
6:5:009:0	And the said unto Joshua , This day have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you . Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day .
6:5:010:0	And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal , and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho .
6:5:011:0	And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover , unleavened cakes , and parched corn in the selfsame day .
6:5:012:0	And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land ; neither had the children of Israel manna any more ; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year .
6:5:013:0	And it came to pass , when Joshua was by Jericho , that he lifted up his eyes and looked , and , behold , there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand : and Joshua went unto him , and said unto him , Art thou for us , or for our adversaries ?
6:5:014:0	And he said , Nay ; but as captain of the host of the am I now come . And Joshua fell on his face to the earth , and did worship , and said unto him , What saith my lord unto his servant ?
6:5:015:0	And the captain of the host said unto Joshua , Loose thy shoe from off thy foot ; for the place whereon thou standest is holy . And Joshua did so .
